remove query_analyzer binary and release (#14055)
vitessio/vitess: changelog/18.0/18.0.0/summary.md

The `vtgr` has been deprecated in Vitess 17, also see https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/issues/13300. With Vitess 18 `vtgr` has been removed.

#### <a id="deleted-query_analyzer"/>Deleted `query_analyzer`

> The undocmunted `query_analyzer` binary has been removed in Vitess 18, also see https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/issues/14054.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The undocumented `query_analyzer` binary has been removed in Vitess 18, see https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/issues/14054.
```
